How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	0
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	1
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	0
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	1
What is the full form of .com ?	2
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	3
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	3
What is the oldest profession ?	3
What are liver enzymes ?	0
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	3
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	4
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	0
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	3
Who killed Gandhi ?	3
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	1
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	5
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	0
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	4
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	0
What is an annotated bibliography ?	0
What is the date of Boxing Day ?	4
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	1
Name 11 famous martyrs .	3
What 's the Olympic motto ?	0
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	0
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	1
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	3
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	5
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	1
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	5
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	2
What does a spermologer collect ?	1
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	4
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	3
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	4
What do Mormons believe ?	0
When did the neanderthal man live ?	4
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	1
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	5
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	1
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	0
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	1
How many people in the world speak French ?	4
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	4
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	0
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	3
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	1
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	3
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	0
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	1
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	5
What is ethology ?	0
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	3
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	0
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	3
What is the nature of learning ?	0
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	1
What 's the term for a young fox ?	1
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	5
What is the Kashmir issue ?	0
Where is the Loop ?	5
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	0
What country 's capital is Tirana ?	5
What is titanium ?	0
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	3
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?	5
What is a caldera ?	0
Why do people get calluses ?	0
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	5
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	0
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?	5
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	3
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	1
What is the history of skateboarding ?	0
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	3
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	0
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	3
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	1
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	0
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .	5
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	1
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	4
What is the origin of head lice ?	0
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	5
What was the first domesticated bird ?	1
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	4
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	5
What is a fear of shadows ?	1
Who were the five Marx brothers ?	3
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	4
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	4
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	0
What are bear and bull markets ?	0
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	1
What is `` dew point '' ?	0
What is the meaning of Jesus ?	0
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?	3
What is the definition of a cascade ?	0
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	4
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?	5
Who invented Make-up ?	3
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?	0
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	0
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	1
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	3
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	3
How do you make a paintball ?	0
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?	5
What is a female rabbit called ?	1
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	5
Where do chihuahuas come from ?	0
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	5
What are the world 's four oceans ?	5
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?	1
What is the largest snake in the world ?	1
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?	1
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	5
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?	4
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	1
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?	0
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	5
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	1
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?	0
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	4
How do chickens have baby chicks ?	0
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	0
How was the element calcium named ?	0
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?	3
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	3
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?	4
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	1
What is a transistor ?	0
What is a film starring Jude Law ?	1
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	1
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	1
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	4
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	3
What are equity securities ?	0
What is gymnophobia ?	0
How many years do fossils take to form ?	4
Where is the Orinoco ?	5
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	5
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	1
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	0
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	4
How you can raise your IQ ?	0
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	2
Who produces Spumante ?	3
Who earns their money the hard way ?	3
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	3
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	3
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	4
Who discovered electricity ?	3
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	1
Who was the first American in space ?	3
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	5
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	1
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	1
What is a dental root canal ?	0
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	1
What is the busiest air travel season ?	4
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	1
What are hook worms ?	0
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	5
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	3
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	3
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	5
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?	4
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	4
Where are the 49 steps ?	5
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	4
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	3
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	3
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?	1
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	3
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	0
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	0
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?	4
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	5
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	5
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	1
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	3
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	3
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?	0
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	0
What causes pneumonia ?	0
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	4
What does gringo mean ?	0
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?	5
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?	1
Where is the Kalahari desert ?	5
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	3
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	5
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?	1
Who created Dennis the Menace ?	3
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	3
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?	4
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	5
How do I start a web based business ?	0
Name Alvin 's brothers	3
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?	0
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	0
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	4
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?	3
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	3
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	4
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?	1
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	0
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	3
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	1
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	1
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?	5
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	0
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	0
How many species of sharks are there ?	4
What is `` snoogans '' ?	0
How many people are there in the world ?	4
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?	1
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?	3
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	0
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	2
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	1
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?	0
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	0
What four forms does gold occur in ?	1
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	4
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	0
When did beethoven die ?	4
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	4
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	5
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	0
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	3
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	0
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	3
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	4
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	5
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	5
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	1
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	3
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	1
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?	1
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	4
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	0
Where was George Washington born ?	5
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .	4
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	3
What is paracetamol ?	0
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	0
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	1
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	4
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?	3
What is the origin of the name Katie ?	0
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	3
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?	4
Who is Terrence Malick ?	3
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	1
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .	0
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	1
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	5
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	4
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	2
When did World War I start ?	4
How many feet are there in a fathom ?	4
What is a Canada two-penny black ?	0
What European city do Nicois live in ?	5
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	0
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	0
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	1
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	3
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	1
What did brontosauruses eat ?	1
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	1
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	3
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	3
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	3
What is molybdenum ?	0
When is Boxing Day ?	4
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?	1
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	4
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	4
What 's the official animal of Canada ?	1
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	4
What is the size of the largest akita ?	4
What animal has the biggest eyes ?	1
What is California 's capital ?	5
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?	3
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	3
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	5
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	0
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	0
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	5
What do Italians call Florence ?	1
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	0
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	2
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	5
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	1
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?	1
What city did the Flintstones live in ?	5
What is Latin for incompetent ?	1
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	1
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?	3
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	1
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?	3
What is the abbreviation for micro ?	2
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	1
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?	3
What does NASDAQ stand for ?	2
What is BPH ?	2
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	1
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	5
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?	3
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	0
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	4
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	4
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	3
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	5
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	1
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?	5
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	3
How did the tradition of best man start ?	0
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?	4
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?	5
What are Halloween 's colors ?	1
How is silk screening done ?	0
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	4
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?	3
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?	5
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?	3
How do you match a name to a social security number ?	0
How does a rainbow form ?	0
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	4
What is the population of Ohio ?	4
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	4
Hazmat stands for what ?	0
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?	1
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	3
Who followed Caesar ?	3
What are the four elements ?	1
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	3
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	1
What is Answers.com 's address ?	5
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	5
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	3
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	3
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	1
Who invented the radio ?	3
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	4
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	1
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	0
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	3
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	4
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	1
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	3
What ocean is the largest in the world ?	5
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	3
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?	4
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	4
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?	0
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	3
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?	3
Define the Pheonix Club ?	0
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	5
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	0
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	1
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?	3
How successful is arometherapy ?	0
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?	1
How does a copier work ?	0
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	4
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?	3
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	1
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?	3
Where does chocolate come from ?	5
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?	1
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?	3
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	5
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?	1
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	3
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	4
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?	3
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	2
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?	5
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	3
What is the function of RAM ?	0
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?	5
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	4
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?	1
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	1
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?	0
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?	3
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	3
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	1
Where is Basque country located ?	5
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?	1
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	4
What is dry ice ?	0
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	1
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?	0
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?	4
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	1
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?	5
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three	4
What is the longest-running television series ?	1
What predators exist on Antarctica ?	1
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	0
How is energy created ?	0
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?	1
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	4
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	1
What are the different types of plastic ?	1
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?	0
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	5
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?	5
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?	5
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?	4
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	3
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?	1
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?	5
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?	3
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .	0
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?	5
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?	0
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?	5
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?	0
What year did Hitler die ?	4
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?	3
What kind of animal is Babar ?	1
What is Jane Goodall known for ?	0
What killed Bob Marley ?	1
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	4
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?	3
Who is Stein Eriksen ?	3
What does the name Billie mean ?	0
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?	3
What is the highest peak in Africa ?	5
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	5
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?	5
What do bicornate animals have two of ?	1
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?	0
What is a fear of weakness ?	1
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	4
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?	4
What does G.M.T. stand for ?	2
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	0
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?	1
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?	1
How do I tie dye clothes ?	0
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	4
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	0
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?	3
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?	3
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?	5
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	0
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?	3
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	5
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	1
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	1
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	5
What makes popcorn pop ?	0
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	3
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?	1
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	5
Who painted Mother and Child ?	3
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	4
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?	5
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	5
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?	1
What was Mao 's second name ?	3
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?	1
Where do hyenas live ?	5
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?	3
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?	1
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	3
What are Maid-Rites ?	0
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?	1
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?	3
How many referees work a soccer game ?	4
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	1
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?	1
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	0
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?	0
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	4
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	3
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?	1
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	1
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?	3
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?	3
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	5
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?	3
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	1
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	3
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?	5
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	4
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	3
What is the Jewish bible called ?	1
Why is the grass green ?	0
What is a firewall ?	0
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?	3
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?	3
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	4
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	3
What was known as the Spice Island ?	5
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	3
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	3
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	1
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?	1
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?	3
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	5
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	1
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	1
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	4
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?	1
What do economists do ?	0
What country has the largest sheep population ?	5
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?	0
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	5
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	4
What does SIDS stand for ?	2
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	1
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?	4
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?	0
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?	5
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	1
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	3
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?	3
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?	1
What city is Logan Airport in ?	5
What is a nanometer ?	0
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	4
When did CNN go on the air ?	4
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?	5
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?	4
Who invented baseball ?	3
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	4
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?	1
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	4
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	5
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	0
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?	0
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	1
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?	3
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	0
What is a fear of thunder ?	1
What animal has killed the most people ?	1
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?	4
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	5
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	5
When was the Battle of Hastings ?	4
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?	1
When did Muhammad live ?	4
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	1
What is a wop ?	0
Where do rocks come from ?	0
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?	0
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?	5
What is the best college in the country ?	3
What is viscosity ?	0
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?	1
What are the Nordic nations ?	5
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	5
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?	5
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .	1
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	4
What is a fear of bees ?	1
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?	1
What is a green bog ?	0
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	5
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	1
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?	5
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	3
What attracts tourists to Reims ?	5
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	1
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	1
What 's an auberge in France ?	0
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	3
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?	5
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?	3
What does ribavirin consist of ?	1
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	1
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?	5
What was her real name ?	3
Why are the ears your center of balance ?	0
Who invented the toothbrush ?	3
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	1
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?	5
What is a fear of being alone ?	1
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	4
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?	1
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?	2
How many hearts does an octopus have ?	4
What plant has the largest seed ?	1
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?	5
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?	1
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?	3
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?	1
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	3
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?	4
What is the longest word in the English language ?	1
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	5
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	3
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	1
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	1
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?	0
What percentage of the body is muscle ?	4
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	1
What is a golf ball made of ?	1
What is the Amish religion ?	0
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	4
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	3
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	3
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	3
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?	0
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?	1
What animals do you find in the stock market ?	1
What is color ?	0
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?	4
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	1
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?	3
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	0
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	3
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?	0
What is a Jellicle Cat ?	0
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	5
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?	5
What is the second hardest substance ?	1
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	0
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?	5
When is Bastille Day ?	4
What makes a tornado turn ?	0
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?	4
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	1
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	0
Who is Coronado ?	3
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?	1
What is artificial intelligence ?	0
What do flatfish eat ?	1
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?	3
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?	1
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?	4
What is the origin of the word , magic ?	0
What sport do you shag flies in ?	1
What is white chocolate ?	0
Where is Trinidad ?	5
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .	3
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	3
What kind of wine is Spumante ?	1
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	3
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?	1
What does the name Gina mean ?	0
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	1
How fast is light ?	4
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	1
What are shooting stars ?	0
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?	3
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	4
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	5
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	0
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?	0
Who is Desmond Tutu ?	3
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?	5
Name a tiger that is extinct .	1
How many quarters equal a pound ?	4
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?	1
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?	3
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	4
Who is the worst US President ever ?	3
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?	3
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	2
How fast does the fastest car go ?	4
What is the highest mountain in the world ?	5
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?	5
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	3
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?	4
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	5
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?	5
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	0
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?	0
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	3
What is a fear of passing high objects ?	1
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	0
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?	3
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	0
What is the rarest coin ?	1
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	1
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	5
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	5
What is a fear of parasites ?	1
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	1
Who does data collection in tourism ?	3
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?	3
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?	5
What does a nihilist believe in ?	0
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?	0
In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?	1
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	3
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?	1
What are amphibians ?	0
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?	4
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	1
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?	4
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?	3
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?	3
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?	5
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?	3
What is the fear of being loved ?	1
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?	4
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?	3
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?	0
How far can a man travel in outer space ?	4
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?	5
What type of food makes you fat ?	1
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	1
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?	4
What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?	1
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?	1
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?	1
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''	0
What is the plural of gulf ?	1
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?	3
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?	4
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?	4
What 's the first day of the week ?	4
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?	5
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?	5
Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?	3
What is Bombay duck ?	0
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	4
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?	3
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?	5
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?	3
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?	4
What is a virtual IP address ?	0
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?	3
What county is Chicago in ?	5
What is the wingspan of a condor ?	4
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?	0
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .	3
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?	0
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?	1
What color were their horses ?	1
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	4
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?	3
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?	4
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?	1
What are the two languages of Malta ?	1
How many oceans are there and name them ?	4
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?	0
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?	4
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?	0
What does the name Shawn mean ?	0
Where is the Danube ?	5
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?	3
What do you call a group of geese ?	1
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?	3
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?	4
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?	0
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	5
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?	4
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?	5
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?	1
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?	0
How do I start a bank ?	0
How do Ouija Boards work ?	0
What horse did Zorro ride ?	1
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?	0
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?	5
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?	0
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?	3
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	1
Why did the chicken cross the road ?	0
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?	3
Who is Barbara Jordan ?	3
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?	3
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?	1
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?	1
What is being done about the millennium bug ?	0
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?	0
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?	1
What is Olestra ?	0
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?	5
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	4
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?	1
When was Hurricane Hugo ?	4
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?	1
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?	3
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?	4
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?	4
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?	1
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?	3
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?	0
What is prepared mustard ?	0
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	3
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?	0
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?	3
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?	1
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	3
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?	4
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?	1
What is Colin Powell best known for ?	0
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?	3
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?	5
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?	3
What is measured in curies ?	0
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?	3
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?	3
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?	3
Italy is the largest producer of what ?	1
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?	3
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	0
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''	3
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	1
What is Spumante ?	0
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?	4
What is an isthmus ?	0
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?	1
Where is Mozambique located ?	5
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?	1
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?	0
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?	1
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?	4
How do fuel injectors work ?	0
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?	0
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?	3
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?	1
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?	5
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?	1
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	4
What does NAFTA stand for ?	2
Who invented silly putty ?	3
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	3
Who patented the first phonograph ?	3
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?	1
What do manatees eat ?	1
How do you say 2 in Latin ?	1
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?	1
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?	4
What is November 's birthstone ?	1
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?	0
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?	4
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?	3
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?	1
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?	0
What is the longest English word ?	1
What is the purpose of a car bra ?	0
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?	0
Who is Colin Powell ?	3
What species is a colt ?	1
What is the full name of the PLO ?	2
What is the smallest country in Africa ?	5
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?	3
What age followed the Bronze Age ?	1
What is her profession ?	3
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?	3
What does the word LASER mean ?	2
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	0
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?	3
What is a rhomboideus minor ?	0
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?	4
How many people died on D-Day ?	4
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .	3
Who created the character of Scrooge ?	3
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	4
Where is Windsor Castle ?	5
When did the Dow first reach ?	4
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?	0
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?	3
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?	3
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?	5
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?	5
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?	1
What are the Benelux countries ?	5
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?	5
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
Where is Tornado Alley ?	5
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	3
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?	3
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?	5
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?	0
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?	3
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?	5
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?	3
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .	3
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?	0
What color are school buses ?	1
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	5
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?	1
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?	3
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?	3
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?	3
What are the seven virtues ?	0
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?	1
When was the San Francisco fire ?	4
What is a fear of food ?	1
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?	4
What year did the Vietnam War end ?	4
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?	3
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?	1
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	4
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?	3
What 's the longest river in the world ?	5
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?	1
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?	3
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	4
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?	4
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?	4
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	5
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''	0
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?	3
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?	4
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .	1
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?	5
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?	0
What 's the sacred river of India ?	5
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?	5
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?	1
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?	4
Name the largest country in South America .	5
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?	1
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	0
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?	3
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	0
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?	1
What makes thunder ?	0
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?	3
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	1
What plant is rum made from ?	1
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?	5
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?	3
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?	1
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	5
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?	0
What was archy , and mehitabel ?	0
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?	5
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?	1
What country did the Nile River originate in ?	5
What color are tennis balls ?	1
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?	3
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?	0
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	3
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?	1
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	5
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	5
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?	3
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?	0
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?	1
What is Australia Day ?	0
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?	1
What was the Chivington Massacre ?	0
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?	3
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?	4
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?	5
Where can I find information on George Bush ?	5
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	3
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?	1
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?	0
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?	3
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?	4
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	0
When are sheep shorn ?	4
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?	1
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?	5
What is the definition of low island ?	0
What century does Captain Video live in ?	4
What types of water pollution are there ?	1
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?	4
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?	1
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?	1
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?	1
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .	1
Where is Logan Airport ?	5
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?	0
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?	3
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?	3
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1	3
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	4
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?	1
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?	3
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	4
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?	2
How do you find oxidation numbers ?	0
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?	5
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	0
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?	1
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	4
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?	3
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?	1
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?	3
What are the Greek numerals ?	0
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?	5
What is a fear of sleep ?	1
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?	1
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?	1
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?	1
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?	0
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?	5
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?	0
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?	3
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?	3
